TASK 213 - THE azmcp / supergateway LEAK ITSELF. THE 4 GiB CAP IS A SHIELD, NOT A CURE, AND NOTHING OWNS THE CURE.

REPO / WORKSPACE: cognizioware-mcp-tools

WHAT IS MEASURED (CT202, 2026-09-19 04:25 PT, interactive overseer - do not re-derive):
  container cognizioware-mcp-tools-azure-mcp-backend, started 2026-09-18 06:50, running ~22 h
    docker stats            : 3.979 GiB / 4 GiB   (99.5% of its cap, continuously)
    cgroup memory.peak      : 4,295,237,632 bytes (it has touched the ceiling)
    cgroup memory.events    : oom 4246, oom_kill 2024, oom_group_kill 0
    container RestartCount  : 0   <- the container never died; its CHILDREN are being killed
    CT202 available memory  : ~11.9 GiB of 20 GiB   <- the cap is holding the blast radius
    litellm router          : RestartCount 0, OOMKilled false, /health/liveliness 200
So roughly two thousand child-process kills a day, indefinitely. The cap (mem_limit 4g +
memswap_limit 4g, now DECLARED in the deployed docker-compose.yml, merged as part of task 122) is doing
exactly what it was built for - on 2026-09-11 the same leak took the whole gateway down by making the
kernel pick the 6 GiB litellm router as its victim. That incident cannot recur. But the service itself
is not healthy: it thrashes at its ceiling and its workers are killed continuously, so the azure MCP
namespace is unreliable rather than restored.

THE SERVICE, for orientation (from the compose block):
  image node:22-slim, and at START-UP it runs:
    apt-get update && apt-get install -y libssl3 &&
    npm install -g @azure/mcp supergateway &&
    npx supergateway --stdio 'azmcp server start' --port 3001 --outputTransport streamableHttp
  Note what that means: the container installs its toolchain from the network on EVERY start, then runs
  a Node supergateway that spawns azmcp as a stdio child. There are at least three candidate leaks -
  supergateway's session/buffer handling, azmcp itself, and the unbounded npm/npx layer - and they are
  distinguishable by measurement, not by reading.

DELIVERABLE
 1. LOCATE THE LEAK, do not guess between the three candidates. Suggested and cheap: read
    /sys/fs/cgroup/.../memory.stat inside the container's cgroup over time; get per-process RSS with
    `docker exec ... ps -eo pid,rss,etimes,args --sort=-rss` on a cadence; and check whether the killed
    children are azmcp processes, supergateway workers, or npm. Say which process grows, how fast, and
    against what traffic - the namespace is reachable, so correlate with requests if you can.
 2. NAME THE FIX AND ITS COST. Plausible shapes, to be chosen on evidence: pin and vendor the toolchain
    into a built image instead of installing at runtime (this also removes a network dependency from
    every restart); bound supergateway's session lifetime or buffer; move azmcp to a per-request child;
    or, if the leak is upstream and unfixable today, a SUPERVISED periodic restart with the reason
    recorded - which is at least honest, unlike a container that silently kills its own workers.
 3. WHETHER THE NAMESPACE IS ACTUALLY SERVING. Measure it: list the azure tools through the gateway
    aggregate and call one. A capped, thrashing container may be answering some requests and failing
    others; "the azure namespace is down" and "the azure namespace is degraded" are different findings
    and the fleet's records currently say the former.
 4. A GUARD so a regression is visible: the ops doctor already carries memory checks (task 184) - add a
    row that goes amber when a container sits above ~90% of its own cap for a sustained window, naming
    oom_kill counts. A container pinned at its ceiling with 2,000 kills a day must not look green.

HARD RULES: do NOT raise the 4 GiB cap to make the symptom go away - that cap is sized from CT202's
20 GiB against a 6 GiB router and a 2026-09-11 outage, and Paxton approved it explicitly
(ACK CAP-AZUREMCP-20260917-1440). Do NOT edit infrastructure/litellm-config.yaml (it force-recreates
the prod router). Any compose change deploys through the lane, which is now UNHELD, so treat a merge as
a real CT202 deploy. Never print a secret; env var NAMES only. NEVER git add -A; commit by explicit
path; git diff --stat before every commit. No @claude comment (task 117). Open the PR and STOP.

DONE MEANS: the growing process is named with numbers behind it, the fix (or the honest supervised
workaround) is implemented or precisely specified with its cost, the azure namespace's real state is
measured rather than assumed, and a container pinned at its cap no longer reads as healthy on the ops
surface.
